This is a text file documenting what I did today:
I guess I'll have to start by stating what day is today. Today is Monday, September 27, 2021. I have been working with SQL for the past week and we've been practicing using the JOIN function to JOIN
two tables within a database. 
One thing that I realized helps out is to forget about the selection until after joining all of the necessary tables.

10.27.21
Today, I installed a data vizualization tool. I've never worked with this tool before. It looks like a pretty powerful tool that allows you to visually move data around until you find the meaning you are looking for. I know it is going to take me a few hours of practice to get used to it. I still want to complete the spreadsheet exercises before I get started on my first project. I'll mess around with the new visualization tool after I send out an order, walk Meli along the river, and complete the spreadsheet exercises. 

10.28.21 "Refine & Present"
- Chart Structure
    - Keep chart components consistent.
    - Chart Breakdown
      Title - 12%
      Subtitle - 8%
      Field - 75%
      Source Line - 5%
- Chart Clarity
    - Create a focal point for the audience.
    - Color matches meaning.
    - Guide with your titles.

- Simplicity: Creating Effective Designs
    - Ask these questions:
      Is it necessary?
      Is it unique?
      Is it simple?
    - Break down busy charts into a series of charts.
    - Limit amount of colors in chart.

1. Title Slide
    - Here's what we're talking about. Focus.
2. Agenda Slide
    - Here's the route. Try to keep up.
3. Executive Slide
    - I hate wasting my time, so here's what you must know.
4. Findings Visualization Slide
    - You can finally see what I'm saying, right?
5. 'What If' Visualization Slide
    - Show them mofos what'll happen if they listen to you.
6. Conclusions and Next Steps Slide
    - Wrap it in the delicate paper and put a 'You look JOWA' sticker on it.
7. Appendix Slides
    - Reassure your audience that you ain't stupid.


10.31.21
Took Meliods for another walk today. Poor Meli. I can always expect at least one dog to bark at Meli as we go on our walks.

11.01.21
Today we revisited Descriptive Statistics. Understanding descriptive statistics was one of the prerequisites to entering the bootcamp. I remember struggling through those Khan Academy courses for hours, daily. With perseverance through time, it all started to make sense. I even created a Python function to return all the statistical data. I'm excited to revisit this now during class to see what further insight I will gain. 

11.08.21

11.16.21
axis = 1 -> Performs aggregate functions across the row as opposed to down the column(default).

11.18.21
Still on the road. Haven't been able to get good internet connection. I was able to catch some of today's lesson. I learned that decision trees are used to generate a prediction. At each node of a decision tree an evaluation is made based on a specified number of variables. The depth of the decision tree represents the number of questions asked about the data. 

11.27.21
Made our way back from California, but I'm still working. I finally am able to get some alone time to study, but it's already half past three in the afternoon and I have to pick my wife up at 5. I'll try to get in as much studying as possible.

11.29.21
I just completed the first full-length Data Science project. Here is one thing I did well and one thing I would like to do better:
* I think one thing I did well was speak confidently. Even though I didn't have all the requirements for the project, I presented what I had confidently.
* One thing I wish I did was complete the entire project. I wish I developed classification models so I can get a better understanding of how they work.

12.02.21 Thursday
The Data Science process as I know it as of now:

1. Examine target dataset using SQL.
2. Nest the SQL query into a python function that will be used to acquire the data.
3. Search the dataset for any null values and investigate why those values are null (don't just drop them)
4. Decide whether to drop records or impute values
5. Make sure values are stored as the correct data type.
6. Create a Python function that will complete all these tasks.

12.19.21 Sunday
What data type would best represent:

A term or phrase typed into a search box?  -> String
If a user is logged in?  -> Boolean
A discount amount to apply to a user's shopping cart?  -> Float
Whether or not a coupon code is valid?  -> Boolean
An email address typed into a registration form?  -> String
The price of a product?  -> Float
A Matrix?  -> List
The email addresses collected from a registration form?  -> String
Information about applicants to Codeup's data science program?  -> Dictionary